 Terms of Use - Aethir Node

Please read this Node Software Agreement (this “Agreement”) carefully before using the Aethir network (the “Network”) and its checker node (the “Node”), which comprises of the distributed software needed to help run the Network (“Node Software”) and the node key (“Key”), as further defined below. By accessing, operating, or otherwise using (collectively, “use” or “using”) the Node Software or purchasing, accessing or using the Node or the Key, you agree that you have read, understood and accepted all of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement by and between you and DCI Foundation, a Panama private interest foundation (the “Foundation” or “we”). If you do not agree with all or any part of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, please do not use the Node Software.

THE NODE SOFTWARE IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR ACCESS OR USE, AND THE KEY AND NODE SOFTWARE ARE NOT AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE, ACCESS OR USE, BY ANY RESIDENT OF OR ANY PERSON LOCATED OR DOMICILED IN THE UNITED STATES, NORTH KOREA, IRAN, VENEZUELA, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTIONS SANCTIONED BY THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY’S OFFICE OF FOREIGN ASSETS CONTROL (“OFAC”). 

PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SECTION 8 (DISPUTE RESOLUTION; AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE) GOVERNS THE RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND the Foundation. SECTION 8 INCLUDES AN AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE WHICH REQUIRES, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, THAT ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US SHALL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. SECTION 8 ALSO CONTAINS A CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER. PLEASE READ SECTION 8 CAREFULLY. 

THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 10.3 AND IF AT ANY TIME YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OR ANY PART OF THE THEN EFFECTIVE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOUR SOLE RECOURSE IS TO STOP USING THE NODE. 

1. Eligibility Requirements. 

1.1. General. To be eligible to access or use the Node Software or purchase, access or use a Node, you must satisfy each of the following eligibility requirements: 

1.1.1	You are at least eighteen (18) years of age, or are the legal age for entering legally binding agreements under applicable law; 

1.1.2	You are not, nor are you an entity that is, or an entity owned or controlled by any person or entity that is, or conducting any activities itself or on behalf of any person or entity that is: (i) a natural person resident in the United States; (ii) a partnership or corporation organised or incorporated under the laws of the United States; or (iii) otherwise a “U.S. person” as defined in Rule 902(k)(2) of Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933 (each, a “U.S. Person”); 

1.1.3	You are not, nor are you an entity that is, or an entity owned or controlled by any person or entity that is, or conducting any activities itself or on behalf of any person or entity that is: (x) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by OFAC (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any individual or entity included on OFAC’s Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List), the U.S. Department of State or any other governmental authority with jurisdiction over the party; (y) identified on the Denied Persons, Entity or Unverified Lists of the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security; or located, organized or (z) resident in a country or territory that is, or whose government is, the subject of economic sanctions, including, without limitation, Russia, Cuba, Iran, North Korea Syria or the Crimea, Donetsk People’s Republic, and Luhansk People’s Republic regions of Ukraine (each, a “Restricted Person”); and 

1.1.4	You are not purchasing, obtaining, accessing or using the Node Software on behalf of a U.S. Person or Restricted Person. 

1.2	Identity Verification. You will be required to provide information to us for the purposes of identity verification before you will be able to claim and take possession of any Network cryptographic tokens, i.e., “ATH tokens” (“Tokens”) earned as “Network Rewards” (defined below) in connection with your use of the Node. If we are unable to verify your identity and confirm that you are eligible to use the Node Software, you will not be permitted to use the Node Software, including to earn any Network Rewards. You agree to provide us with the information we request for purposes of identity verification and permit us to keep a record of such information. You further represent and agree that all such information is complete and accurate and that you will immediately notify the Foundation in the event that any information provided to the Foundation during this process is no longer complete or accurate. 

2. Node Software. 

2.1	Use of Node. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you may use the Node Software to operate a Network Node on one or more machines that you own or control. The Network is a network that operates on top of a blockchain network. As a “Node Operator,” you shall help ensure the integrity and performance of the “Containers” in the Network. A “Container” is a virtual endpoint performing tasks such as validating transactions and rendering content. You hereby acknowledge and agree that:
• the Foundation has no control over your activities and all validation activities are done solely in your own discretion as a node operator for the benefit of the Network and its users and participants;
• Any transactions that are confirmed via validation activities are completed exclusively under the Network’s decentralized consensus mechanism, and that there are no guarantees or protections with regards to the likelihood of any transaction being verified or confirmed on the Network;
• The Network is decentralized and neither you nor any other party has unilateral control over the Network and the transactions conducted thereon;
• You shall be solely responsible for comply with all applicable laws in connection with your role as a Network Node operator. 

2.2	Node Key Requirement. You must acquire a Node Key from the Foundation I	n order to run a Checker Node and earn Network Rewards (defined below). The Node is a non-transferable non-fungible token. You will be required to provide information to the Foundation for purposes of verifying your identity and confirming that you are eligible to earn Network Rewards in order to claim and take possession of any Tokens earned as Network Rewards. 

2.3	Connecting a Digital Wallet. In order to operate a Node using the Node Software, you will need to connect a compatible third-party digital wallet (“Wallet”) compatible with the Ethereum Virtual Machine (“EVM”). You are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your Wallet, including any associated credentials, private key and seed phrase. the Foundation does not offer Wallet software or custody Tokens (or any other crypto assets) on behalf of Node Software users. Your use of a third-party Wallet is subject to separate terms and conditions established by the relevant Wallet provider. the Foundation shall not be liable for any acts or omissions by you in connection with your Wallet or as a result of any data breach, cyber incident, or security vulnerability that impacts your Wallet or your hardware and software used to access the same.

2.4	Network Rewards; Slashing. You may receive units of Tokens for running the Nodes to contribute to the integrity and performance of the Containers in the Network  (“Network Rewards”). All such Network Rewards, including their rate of accrual and any award of bonus rewards, are programmatically set and distributed to Nodes by the Network.  The Network Rewards may be reduced in certain instances due to an act or omission by you (“Slashing Penalties”). the Foundation is not responsible or liable for any Network Rewards or Slashing Penalties (if applicable) that result from your use of the Node Software. 

2.5	Expiration of Network Rewards. Subject to the terms set forth herein, Network Rewards can be claimed at any time. You will be required to provide information to the Foundation for purposes of verifying your identity and confirming your eligibility to earn Network Rewards before you will be permitted to claim and take possession of any ATH Tokens earned as Network Rewards. Aethir may impose an expiration to the tokens whereby you will have a certain number of days from the date that you earn a Network Reward to claim the ATH tokens earned as part of the Network Reward before the Network Reward expires, and any such expiration may be communicated to you via electronic transmission, by posting on the Website or through an amendment or modification of these Terms. You should check these Terms from time to time for any changes to these terms.
 
2.6	Node Software Updates. The Node Software may automatically download or prompt you to download and install updates onto your machine from time to time. By accessing or using the Node Software, you agree that the Foundation may download and install automatic Node Software updates onto your machine. You may opt out of automatic updates by adjusting your Node Software settings. 

3. License Uses and Restrictions. 

3.1	Node Software License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Foundation hereby grants to you a non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free, limited license to install, use and run the Node Software on one or more machines that you own or control. Except for the license expressly granted to you hereunder, no other license is granted and no other use is permitted. 

3.2	Third-Party Licenses. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Node Software may contain software components released under separate open-source or business-source license terms, in which case those license terms will govern such software components. 

3.3	Feedback. With respect to any feedback you provide to the Foundation (whether orally or in writing) concerning the Node, including any features or functionalities thereof, and including identifying potential errors and improvements (“Feedback”), you hereby grant to the Foundation an exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, fully paid-up, royalty free, fully-sublicensable (through multiple tiers of sublicensees) and freely assignable and transferable license to use any Feedback for any purpose without payment or restriction. It is further understood that the Foundation' s use of Feedback, if any, may be made by the Foundation in its sole discretion, and that the Foundation shall in no way be obliged to make any payment to you for or make use of any kind of the Feedback or part thereof. 

3.4	Use of Trademarks and Other Marks or Rights. You may not use any of our trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights, or logos, or our partners’, affiliated entities’, licensors’, or their licensors’ trademarks, trade names, service marks, copyrights, or logos, including but not limited to “Aethir”, in any manner which creates the impression that such items (i) belong to or are associated with you or indicate the sponsorship or approval of us, our licensors, any partners, affiliates, or their licensors; or (ii) except as otherwise provided herein, are used with our licensors’, partners’, affiliates’, or their licensors’ consent, and you acknowledge that you have no ownership rights in or to any such items. 

4. Prohibited Activities. 

4.1 You shall not engage in any activities that negatively affect the technical performance of the Node Software and/or Network, bypass or circumvent security features of the Node Software and/or Network, or otherwise disrupt or interfere with the functioning of the Node Software and/or Network. You shall not violate or attempt to violate the security of the Node Software and/or Network or otherwise misuse the foregoing, including by, (i) accessing data not intended for you or logging onto a server or an account which you are not authorized to access; (ii) disabling, removing, defeating or avoiding any security device or system; (iii) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the Node Software and/or Network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (iv) attempting to interfere with service to any sentry node operator, host or network, including, but not limited to, via means of submitting any malware or computer programming routines that may damage, disrupt or interfere with, intercept or expropriate any system or data, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mailbombing” or “crashing” the Node Software and/or Network; (v) forging any transmission control protocol/Internet protocol packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting; (vi) using the Node Software and/or Network in a manner that exceeds reasonable request volume or constitutes excessive or abusive usage; or (vii) providing false, misleading or inaccurate information to the Network. 

4.2	You shall not, directly or indirectly: (i) use the Node Software or any portion thereof to create any service, software, product, platform, documentation or data that is similar to, in whole or in part, any aspect of the services or products offered by the Foundation, including without limitation, the Node Software or Network; (ii) disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer or use any other means to attempt to discover any source code of the Node Software, or the underlying ideas, file formats, algorithms or trade secrets therein; (iii) encumber, sublicense, transfer, rent, lease, time-share or use the Node Software in any service bureau arrangement or otherwise for the benefit of any third party; (iv) copy, distribute, manufacture, adapt, create derivative works of, translate, localize, port or otherwise modify any software code or documentation for the Node Software; (v) use or allow the transmission, transfer, export, re-export or other transfer of any product, technology or information it obtains or learns pursuant to this Agreement (or any direct product thereof) in violation of any export control or other laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction; (vi) knowingly introduce into the Node Software and/or Network any malicious code, computer virus, spyware, scareware, Trojan horses, worms, malware or any other similar harmful, malicious or hidden programs or data; (vii) remove or modify any proprietary markings or restrictive legends placed on the Node Software; (viii) use the Node Software to infringe upon, violate or misappropriate any third party' s intellectual property rights, violating any law or regulation or being defamatory, trade libelous, threatening or harassing; or(ix) authorize or permit any third party to engage in any of the foregoing proscribed acts.For the avoidance of doubt, the restrictions set forth in this Section are in addition to, and in no way limit, any other restrictions or obligations applicable to you set forth in this Agreement. 

4.3	You shall not use the Node Software and/or Network to engage in illegal activity of any kind, including, without limitation, any activity that would violate, or assist in violation of, any law, statute, ordinance, regulation or sanctions programs administered under any applicable law, including but not limited to the U.S. Department of Treasury' s Office of Foreign Assets Control or which would involve proceeds of any unlawful activity. 

5. Risks. You acknowledge that the Node Software and Network incorporate experimental and novel technology and that the use of such technology involves a high degree of risk. For example, there are numerous reasons the Node Software or Network could fail in an unexpected way, resulting in the total and absolute loss of your Tokens. You hereby agree that you assume all risks in connection with your use of the Node Software and Network and expressly waive and release the Foundation from any and all liability, claims, causes of action or damages arising out of or in any way relating to you obtaining or using Node Software and Network. 

You understand and accept the risk of operational challenges related to the Node Software and Network. For example, the Network may experience cyber-attacks, unexpected surges in transaction volume or activity or other operational or technical difficulties or vulnerabilities that may cause interruptions related to your use of the Node Software or Network. You agree to accept the risk of Node Software or Network failure resulting from unanticipated or heightened technical difficulties or vulnerabilities, including those resulting from cyber-attacks. 

You agree not to hold the Foundation accountable for any claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses you may incur, directly or indirectly, in connection with or related to your use of the Node. You agree that the Foundation is not responsible for any Tokens or other crypto assets that you receive, transfer, hold, stake, lose or otherwise use or misuse in connection with the Node Software or the Network. 

Legal and regulatory requirements applicable to use of the Node Software may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for evaluating the legality of using the Node Software in your jurisdiction. the Foundation is not responsible for determining whether or which laws and regulations may apply to you or your use of the Node Software. 

6. Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, THE NODE SOFTWARE AND NETWORK ARE ISSUED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND the Foundation DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO SUCH “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT (EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN) AND the Foundation HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AVAILABILITY, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED OPERATION, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE. TO THE EXTENT THAT the Foundation MAY NOT, AS A MATTER OF APPLICABLE LAW, DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION, THE SCOPE AND DURATION OF SUCH WARRANTY OR CONDITION SHALL BE APPLIED TO THE MINIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH APPLICABLE LAW. IN NO EVENT SHALL the Foundation BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OR NATURE HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE NODE SOFTWARE OR THE NETWORK, WHETHER OR NOT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES HAS BEEN DISCLOSED TO OR COULD HAVE BEEN REASONABLY FORESEEN BY YOU, REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED. IN ADDITION, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL the Foundation'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THE AGREEMENT EXCEED ONE-HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100.00). SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE NODE SOFTWARE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE NODE SOFTWARE. 

7. Indemnification. You agree, at your own expense, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Foundation and its partners and affiliates and their respective owners, members, agents, directors, officers, employees, representatives, affiliates, successors and assigns against any claim, suit, action, or other proceeding from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ and experts’ fees, arising out of or in connection with your breach of the Agreement, your violation of any law or regulation or your use of the Node Software. You agree to pay any and all costs, damages and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs awarded against or otherwise incurred by or in connection with or arising from any such claim, suit, action, or proceeding attributable to any such claim. the Foundation reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with the Foundation in asserting any available defense. 

If you have a dispute with one or more users of the Node Software or other third parties, you release the Foundation (and its affiliates and service providers, and each of their officers, directors, agents, joint ventures, employees and representatives) from all claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. 

8. Dispute Resolution; Agreement to Arbitrate. 

8.1	All disputes, claims and controversies, whether based on past, present or future events, arising out of or relating to statutory or common law claims, the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity of any provision of the Agreement, and the determination of the scope or applicability of your agreement to arbitrate any dispute, claim or controversy originating from the Agreement, will be determined by binding arbitration in Tortola, the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) pursuant to the BVI IAC Arbitration Rules, before a single arbitrator. 

8.2	The arbitrator will apply the substantive law of the BVI, excluding its conflict or choice of law rules. 

8.3	Nothing in the Agreement will preclude the parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction. 

8.4	A party must notify the other party of its intent to commence arbitration prior to commencing arbitration. The notice must specify the date on which the arbitration demand is intended to be filed, which must be at least thirty (30) days after the date of the notice. During this time period, the parties will meet for the purpose of resolving the dispute prior to commencing arbitration. 

8.5	Subject to Section 8.4, each party may commence arbitration by providing to the BVI International Arbitration Centre and the other party to the dispute a written demand for arbitration, stating the subject of the dispute and the relief requested. 

8.6	Subject to the disclaimers and limitations of liability stated in the Agreement, the appointed arbitrators may award monetary damages and any other remedies allowed by the laws of the BVI (including the BVI IAC Arbitration Rules). In making a determination, the arbitrator will not have the authority to modify any term of the Agreement. The arbitrator will deliver a reasoned, written decision with respect to the dispute to each party, who will promptly act in accordance with the arbitrator’s decision. Any award (including interim or final remedies) may be confirmed in or enforced by a state or federal court located in the BVI. The decision of the arbitrator will be final and binding on the parties, and will not be subject to appeal or review. 

8.7	The party initiating the arbitration is responsible for paying the applicable filing fee. Each party will advance one-half of the fees and expenses of the arbitrator, the costs of the attendance of the arbitration reporter at the arbitration hearing and the costs of the arbitration facility. In any arbitration arising out of or relating to the Agreement, the arbitrator will award to the prevailing party, if any, the costs and attorneys’ fees reasonably incurred by the prevailing party in connection with those aspects of its claims or defenses on which it prevails, and any opposing awards of costs and legal fees awards will be offset. 

8.8	The parties will keep confidential the existence of the arbitration, the arbitration proceeding, the hearing and the arbitrator’s decision, except (a) as necessary to prepare for and conduct the arbitration hearing on the merits; (b) in connection with a court application for a preliminary remedy, or confirmation of an arbitrator’s decision or its enforcement; (c) the Foundation may disclose the arbitrator’s decision in confidential settlement negotiations; (d) each party may disclose as necessary to professional advisors that are subject to a strict duty of confidentiality; and (e) as applicable law otherwise requires. The parties, witnesses and arbitrator will treat as confidential and will not disclose to any third person (other than witnesses or experts) any documentary or other evidence produced in any arbitration, except as applicable so requires or if the evidence was obtained from the public domain or was otherwise obtained independently from the arbitration. 

8.9	In the case of a conflict between the provisions of this Section 8 and the BVI IAC Arbitration Rules, the provisions of this Section 8 shall prevail. 

8.10	To the extent permitted by applicable law, any dispute arising out of or relating to the Agreement, whether in arbitration or in court, shall be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Agreement or the BVI IAC Arbitration Rules, disputes regarding the interpretation, applicability or enforceability of this className waiver may be resolved only by a court and not by an arbitrator. If this waiver of className or consolidated actions is deemed invalid or unenforceable, neither party is entitled to arbitration. 

8.11	If for any reason a claim or dispute proceeds in court rather than through arbitration, each party knowingly and irrevocably waives any right to trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim arising out of or relating to the Agreement. 

9. Term; Termination. 

9.1.	The Agreement is effective beginning when you accept the Agreement or first access or use the Node Software and ending when terminated as set forth in Section 9.2. 

9.2.	We reserve the right to restrict, ban, or blacklist your use or your ability to claim Network Rewards (any such event, a “Termination”) for any reason, including, but not limited to, in the case of your dishonest or fraudulent submission of your information for the purposes of identity verification or engage in prohibited activities or otherwise violate the good faith use of the Node and Network. Your right to use and access the Node Software will automatically terminate upon any Termination. Termination will be effective without notice. 

9.3.	Upon termination of the Agreement, you must immediately cease all use of the Node Software and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Node Software. Sections 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 of this Agreement shall survive any such termination. 

10. General Provisions. 

10.1 	Electronic Communications. By purchasing, obtaining, accessing or using the Node Software, you consent to receive electronic communications. 

10.2	Notices. the Foundation may provide you with notice and other communications via electronic communications as permitted by Section 10.1. You may provide us with notice by sending an email address to support@aethir.com. All notices will be deemed effective upon dispatch. 

10.3	Amendments. The Agreement may be modified or revised at any time, with or without prior notice to you. The most current version of the Agreement will be posted in the Node Software. Any modifications or revisions will be effective immediately upon posting the modifications or revisions to the Node Software. You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any modifications or revisions. You waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such modifications or revisions. Purchasing, obtaining, accessing or using the Node Software constitutes your acceptance of the Agreement as modified or revised. If you do not agree to the Agreement then in effect, you must immediately discontinue access to, and use of, the Node Software. 

10.4	Waivers. For a waiver to be deemed effective, a waiver must be in a writing signed by the waiving party. The failure of either party to enforce any provision of the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of that party’s rights to subsequently enforce the provision. 

10.5	Cumulative Rights; Injunctions. The rights and remedies of the parties under the Agreement are cumulative, and each party may exercise any of its rights and enforce any of its remedies under the Agreement, along with all other rights and remedies available to it at law, in equity or otherwise. Any material breach by a party of the Agreement could cause the non-breaching party irreparable harm for which the non-breaching party has no adequate remedies at law. Accordingly, the non-breaching party is entitled to seek specific performance or injunctive relief for any such breach. 

10.6	Severability. If any provision of these the Agreement is declared to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be affected thereby and the remainder of the provisions of the Agreement shall remain valid, legal and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

10.7	Force Majeure. the Foundation shall have no liability for any failure or delay resulting from any condition beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to governmental action or acts of terrorism, earthquake, fire, flood, or other acts of God, labor conditions, power failures, equipment failures and Internet or blockchain network disturbances. 

10.8	Successors and Assigns. You may not transfer or assign the Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder, by operation of law or otherwise and any such attempted assignment shall be void. the Foundation reserves the right to freely transfer or assign the Agreement and the rights and obligations hereunder to any third party at any time without your consent and prior notice to you. If you object to any such transfer or assignment, you may stop using the Node Software.

10.9	Relationship of the Parties. Nothing contained in the Agreement shall constitute you and the Foundation as members of any partnership, joint venture, association, syndicate, unincorporated business or similar assignment as a result of or by virtue of the relationship established by the Agreement. 

10.10	Governing Law. The Agreement shall be solely and exclusively governed, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the BVI without giving effect to conflict of law rules or principles that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. 

10.11	Entire Agreement. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and the Foundation, and supersedes all previous communications, representations or agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

10.12	No Third-Party Beneficiaries. The Agreement is not intended and shall not be construed to create any rights or remedies in any parties other than you and the Foundation and other Foundation affiliates, which each shall be a third-party beneficiary of the Agreement, and no other person shall assert any rights as a third-party beneficiary hereunder.

10.13	Subject to Change. You understand that these Terms of Use are subject to change without notice and you are required to check these Terms from time to time for any such changes.
